# Monopoly Client

## Overview

This client is able to establish a connection with a server running on UVM Silk. It displays a basic board with forty tiles spaced around a square board. There is a button in the centre of the board which can be used to roll dice.

Currently, this application communicates with the server, however communication between the data and UI layers has not yet been implemented. This implementation will eventually involve what is called the 'BLoC' pattern for state management in the application.

## Project structure

- `assets`: Client-side assets, including images, configuration data (stored as JSON), and anything else relevant only to clients.
- `lib`: All client application implementation work done for this project.
- `linux`/`windows`/`macos`/`build`: Build files necessary for building Flutter applications to multiple target platforms. These are automatically generated by the platform and rarely need to be edited, and thus do not currently contain any work done by this team.
- `tests`: Contains all unit/widget tests for this project.

## Project Setup

### Installation

This client application uses the Flutter framework to render its UI components. In order to run the application, you will need to follow the steps specified on (this page)[https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install]. (Warning: This may take some time...) You can check the progress of your installation by running `flutter doctor` from the command line at any point. In order to build a Flutter application, you must ensure that all items displayed when running `flutter doctor` are green.

You should then be able to run `flutter run <client-directory>` and the application will begin the build process. Note that this build process takes a minute.

### Running a standalone `.dart` file

In order to run a Dart program, you must run `dart run <file>` where `<file>` must contain a `main()` function. Use this to run test files.

Please reach out if you run into any issues, as we realise most people aren't using Flutter/Dart.